README.md, before:

# PygameWidgets

###### [source code](https://github.com/Emc2356/Pygame-Widgets)
###### [creator](https://github.com/Emc2356)
###### [PyGame](https://pygame.org/) 

##### this is a package created to help you with basic widgets

##### at this point it has the following classes:
~~~
Button class
SimpleText class
MutliLineText class
InputField class
InputFieldNumbers class
InputFieldLetters class
~~~
##### TODO list 
1. improve the text 
    * the text in the button class would be automatically wrapped and changed from single-line to multi-line
    * the text in the button class would raise a error if the text goes out of bounds in the y axis    

# Documentation 
##### Documentation for the classes can be found in Documentation

# Examples
##### Examples of the classes can be found in Examples

# contributions: 
> Pull requests are welcome! For major refactors,
> please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to improve.
> Feel free to create a fork of this repository and use the code for any noncommercial purposes.

Commit message:

updated classes added ButtonManager and utils.py with a lot of useful functions

README.md, after:

# PygameWidgets

###### [source code](https://github.com/Emc2356/Pygame-Widgets)
###### [creator](https://github.com/Emc2356)
###### [PyGame](https://pygame.org/) 

##### this is a package created to help you with basic widgets

##### at this point it has the following classes:
~~~
Button class
ButtonManager class
SimpleText class
MutliLineText class
InputField class
InputFieldNumbers class
InputFieldLetters class
~~~
##### also PygameWidgets offers functions to help with every day use:
~~~
load_image it loads a image 
load_alpha_image it loads a image but it keeps the alpha values
resize_image it resizes a image
resize_smooth_image it resizes a image with smoothscale
resize_image_ratio 
resizex it scales a image by a amount 
left_click it tells you if the use has clicked the left mouse button
middle_click it tells you if the use has clicked the middle mouse button
right_click it tells you if the use has clicked the right mouse button
get_font it returns you a font
wrap_multi_lines it returns a list of a given string so it can fit given width
blit_multiple_lines it blits in the window multiple lines
pixel_perfect_collision it does a pixel perfect collision
rectangle_collision it does a rectangle collision
~~~
##### TODO list 
1. improve the text 
    * the text in the button class would be automatically wrapped and changed from single-line to multi-line
    * the text in the button class would raise a error if the text goes out of bounds in the y axis    

# Documentation 
##### Documentation for the classes can be found in Documentation

# Examples
##### Examples of the classes and functions can be found in Examples

# contributions: 
> Pull requests are welcome! For major refactors,
> please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to improve.
> Feel free to create a fork of this repository and use the code for any noncommercial purposes.
